Feeling overwhelmed by experiences in life is becoming the new normal. And I assume that to be the case for most of us.
The thing that I wanted to deliver is that there will be dark times in life, (1)internally - when one is overwhelmed by one's own thoughts and insecurities thereby being discontent with oneself, (2)externally - overwhelming due to the events occurring out of control of one, directly or indirectly affecting the routine of actions or thoughts of one.
In both cases, the common theme is uncertainty. And the truth about external uncertainty is, it seems gigantic in our perception, hiding what makes sense, dominating our conceivable thoughts and actions. Being a threat, it grabs the whole attention of one, leaving one to encounter one's own unknown, untouched side leading to internal uncertainty.
Simply put, **experiences change perception,** and perception needs digestion and digestion needs time. And there is a problem. The reviving time won't be pleasant. Massive belief systems and worldviews are being remodeled, replacing old with new, pleasant with unpleasant. That recircuiting will be draining, if not hopeless.
Because of that, deep down we don't want reality to change, let alone unpredictably and suddenly. But, in this pace of technological and economic change, we are well on our way to reinvent ourselves again and again.
[https://mediocremind.medium.com/when-you-are-overwhelmed-by-the-reality-2db78e37cdf](https://mediocremind.medium.com/when-you-are-overwhelmed-by-the-reality-2db78e37cdf)